Let's complete the logic for changing weapons. Let's create an additional boolean variable called EquipAnimInProgress.
When the weapon change animation occurs, this variable will be set to true.
For convenience, we will create two additional functions: the first will be called CanFire
It returns true when we can shoot and the second function CanEquip - it will return true
when we can change weapons. Let's create a body for each function in a .cpp file
and first, let's deal with our new flag.
Let's go to the EquipWeapon function. When we start changing weapons, we must change the value of this variable to true.
And when the animation ends, this variable is false in the OnEquipFinished function.
The CanEquip function will return the negation of the given variable, that is, we can equip
when the value of the variable EquipAnimInProgress = false.
Let's simplify our OnEquipFinished function a bit. We can remove the comparison condition for mesh
under the first if, that is, if the meshes are not equal, then we exit the function and we can also remove the log -
we no longer need it. Let's copy the CanEquip function. We will call it in the NextWeapon function,
that is, when we want to change weapons, we check whether we can do this and if
we cannot, then we simply exit the function. Let's remove the CurrentWeapon check for nullptr in the CanFire function.
That is, this is one of the conditions for firing: the CurrentWeapon pointer should not be nullptr
and the second condition is checking our new flag EquipAnimInProgress
That is, when changing weapons, we cannot shoot either.
Copy CanFire
Paste into StartFire. Let's check what we got.
We start the game. And now we can start the change of weapons only when the previous change is over.
And also, if we try to shoot,
then we cannot do this while changing weapons.